In this lecture we will be talking about how to set up our code repositories and how these decisions
on how to set up the call depositary should reflect our choice in using Microcircuits architecture we
can structure our code depositories to be either a single mono that where all are called will be contained
inside a single deposit three.
It's interesting to know that this is the approach that some companies including Google and Facebook
take in handling their called the deposit structure.
Alternatively you can use a discreet code repository set up where the code base is split into several
smaller depositories perhaps based on the domain or component will not go through the advantages and
disadvantages of each of these code repository setups.
So we will be able to take an informed decision on which is more suitable for your development process.
In a the trip was the three also referred to as a mana repo.
In short it was easier to keep input and output contracts in sync which is especially important when
using a Microcircuits is architecture due to the large number of input and output contracts.
There will be for each micro service conversion.
Then there was a tree with a big number that could help us in deployments.
However if Demona repo contains code that is used by different teams this could mean that one team could
break in build and disrupt the continuous integration and delivery of processes for other things.
When all our components are inside same Was it three it is easier to create unnecessary tight coupling
between components and therefore a more disciplined development process is required to avoid this since
all the code will be inside the same repository.
This will mean long continuous integration times and also relatively large code depositary So Donald
discrete depositories on the other hand have their own set of advantages and disadvantages.
Just different depositories are worked up on by different things the concept of code ownership is more
clear which results in at least one thing having complete knowledge of the contents of each depositary
the scope of each of the three is also more clear since it is smaller and hence its scope is more well
defined.
On the other hand contradicts versioning becomes more complex as we all have to package the contents
of repositories and reference them from other projects.
Specific version numbers which can be quite a task when we have micro services with many different inputs
and outputs contexts unless managed properly discrete depositories and easy to become monoliths as their
contents continue to grow both in size and scope and in doing so.
This defeats the purpose of using a discrete structure in the first place.
There is also some additional upfront cost in setting up each of the depositories and the respective
continuous integration and delivery pipelines.
With all that being said I'm sure the question you are asking is which Kolderup was it that set up is
more ideal for Microsoft or is architecture.
Personally my experience managing the versioning required in ski trip was a is when Microsoft is involved
with their inter-dependent input and output contracts quickly becomes overwhelming especially when you
have a large number of micro services in our case.
We ended up switching to one of a three for all the components forming part of our Steam's subsystem
this choice is also very dependent on your development process as using a mono repository successfully
requires a good code review process to help prevent unnecessary dependencies from being created.
One general rule which I've also seen applied successfully in development teams is having a single or
was it reported the way and therefore the beckoned to follow up was the structure was having D-y and
beckoned themes working in separate depositories and having D-y and beckoned version together.